hey daddy I want two golden goose here
we go again
alright sweetheart alright daddy you'll
get your golden goose as soon as we get
home I want one of those Wonka how much
do you want for the golden goose they're
not for sale name the price
she can't have one who says I can't
remember the funny huh I want one I want
to go home goose goose is Jesus I want
my key still a gold eggs for Easter it
will sweetheart East a hundred a day
anything you say
by the way I want a feast you ate before
you came to the factory I want a bean
feast
what are those free buns and doughnuts
and fruitcake with no nuts so good you
could go nuts gonna have all those
things when you get home no now I want
to fall I want a party macaroons and a
million
I'm performing baboons and give it to me
now I want the world I want the whole
world I want to lock it all up in my
pockets my bar of chocolate give it to
me I won today I want tomorrow I want to
wear and my braids in my hair and I
Sharon I want a party with Rome Falls of
laughter 10,000 tons of ice cream and if
I don't get the things I am after I'm
going to
I want the works I want the whole work
present
prices of all shapes and sizes and
don't care how I wanted now she was a
bad egg